But most of time it must be fixed by the doctor.
Try to see if his gold watch,
such as to the two
The people of the earth are divided into five parts.
The people of Asia, Europe, the people of Asanema, the people of Sukime, the people of Beresuke, and the people of Dorobo are the people of Choei.
The people of Choei are divided into five parts.
I'm sorry.
What?
What are you doing?
I'm going to the entrance.
Are you the teacher here?
I'm a student here.
I see.
You're strange.
I'm a secretary here.
I see.
I'm a student here.
What?
Are you a teacher?
I'm not a teacher.
I'm a student here.
I'm sorry.
What kind of student are you?
I'm a student here.
In the middle of the school?
I'm a teacher.
You're sick.
What are you saying?
I'm writing a letter.
You're writing a letter?
What kind of letter?
I'm going to send you the letter.
What?
Are you sure?
You're strange.
I'm going to send you the letter.
What?
I'm going to tell you completely.
If you set your mind to it,
if you throw money into the aprender 반
if you were more like this all day
you missed a Yoshimi-e-inander ceremony.
blessing nearby
Œ that is apa
we went to Osaka Subway.
The doctor is calling.
Oh, Dr. Nagai, it's hot in the room.
What are you saying?
Are you the patient who came here?
No, I'm not.
You're a doctor.
What are you saying?
Come here.